1. What is a function in Python?
2. How do you define a function in Python?
3. Explain the difference between built-in functions and user-defined functions.
4. What is the purpose of the def keyword in Python?
5. How do you call a function in Python?
6. Define the parameters of a function.
7. Explain the concept of a return statement in a function.
8. How can you pass arguments to a Python function?
9. What is the difference between positional and keyword arguments?
10. What is a default parameter in a Python function?
11. How do you document a function in Python?
12. What is the purpose of a docstring in a function?
13. How can you make a function accept a variable number of arguments?
14. Define a lambda function in Python.
15. Explain the difference between a global and a local variable in a function.
16. What is a recursive function in Python?
17. Write a Python function to calculate the factorial of a number using recursion.
18. How do you use the global keyword to modify a global variable within a function?
19.What is variable scope in Python?
20. Write a function to find the maximum of three numbers in Python.
21. How do you import and use functions from external modules in Python?
22. Explain the purpose of the *args and **kwargs parameters in a function.
23. Write a Python function to check if a number is prime.
24. Define a generator function in Python.
25. Explain the concept of a function closure in Python.
26. How can you define a function that takes an arbitrary number of keyword arguments?
27. Write a Python function that takes a list of numbers as input and returns a new list containing only the even numbers from the input list.
28. Write a Python function to reverse a string.
29. What is a decorator in Python and how do you use it with functions?
30. Write a function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence up to a given limit.
31. Explain the concept of function overloading in Python.
32. How do you raise exceptions from a function in Python?
33. Write a function to find the common elements between two lists in Python.
34. What is the purpose of the __main__ block in Python when defining functions?
35. How can you create a function that accepts a variable number of positional and keyword arguments?
36. Write a Python function to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.
37. Explain the concept of a recursive function with a base case.
38. What is the purpose of the nonlocal keyword in a nested function?
39. Write a Python function to count the number of vowels in a string.
40. How do you pass a function as an argument to another function in Python?
41. Explain the concept of function memoization and how it can improve performance.
42. Write a function to remove duplicates from a list in Python.
43. How can you create a function that returns multiple values in Python?
44. Define a Python function that calculates the average of a list of numbers.
45. Explain the concept of a lambda function with the map() and filter() functions.
46. Write a Python function to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
47. What is the purpose of the __init__ method in a Python class?
47. How can you create a function that accepts a variable number of positional and keyword arguments with defaults?
48. Write a function to check if a string is a palindrome in Python.
49. Explain the concept of a callback function in Python.
50. How do you use the assert statement to test functions in Python?